<a name="ref-c5"></a># Credential Verification

When Borrowers apply for a loan from the marketplace, loan approval in the protocol is performed in an innovative decentralized manner. The goal of the approval process is to validate the credentials of the borrower and to assert his/her eligibility to receive a loan from a given project.

Smart contracts are usually not technically capable and economically practical at executing credit risk assessment operations themselves, and they cannot call upon external risk assessment services beyond the constraints of their chain. Therefore, the credit risk assessment through exchange and verification of credentials is executed off-chain and then confirmed on-chain in a way that no personal data is stored on-chain. That's why Growr protocol relies on two components to accomplish this task: *Credential Verification Service* and *Loan Assessment Registry*.

## Credential Verification Service

### Description
The Credential Verification Service checks whether the borrower matches the eligibility criteria of the project. It executes the following actions:
1. Check project requirements and verify that the borrower has all the necessary credentials
2. Verify the validity of each presented borrower's credential:
- Verify that the credential presentation is signed with the borrower's identity
- Verify that the credential is signed by a trusted credential issuer
- Verify that the credential is not expired
- Verify that the credential is not revoked
3. Create a lightweight and time-limited privacy-preserving *Verification Result* asserting that the given borrower matches the eligibility criteria of the given project. 

### Implementation
This component is implemented as third-party services, trusted by the protocol. They are available through a discovery service and using a decentralized communication protocol.

### Functions
- Verify loan application

## Loan Assessment Registry

### Description

The Loan Assessment Registry is used to store the hashed signed verification result, generated by the Credential Verification Service. The registry does not contain any personal data or any credentials of the borrower to prevent leakage of sensitive personal information on-chain.

### Implementation

The protocol has a *Loan Assessment registry smart contract* that validates and stores verification result records.

We envision an alternative implementation scenario without this registry. In this credential verification flow, the signed verification result is returned to the borrower app, stored in his SSCR and then passed to the marketplace for approval of the loan.

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>
