# Payment Verification

Payment operations within a given project can be executed off-chain via traditional payment providers, who issue and provide the protocol with "proofs-of-pay" to attest the payments are settled. Each proof-of-pay contains information about the status of a given external financial transaction (eg. invoice payment).

Similar to credential verification, smart contracts are not capable of verifying payment operations outside their chain. Therefore, the payment settlement is verified off-chain and then confirmed on-chain. That's why Growr protocol relies on two components to accomplish this task: *Payment Verification Service* and *Payment Assessment Registry*.

## Payment Verification Service

### Description

The Payment Verification Service performs the verification of an external financial transaction. Depending on the payment channel, the verification may include one of the following:
- Confirming the existence of a blockchain transaction in another protocol
- Integration with trusted invoice validation services
- Integration with trusted payment processors (card providers or banks)

### Implementation

This component is implemented as third-party services, trusted by the protocol. They are available through a discovery service and using a decentralized communication protocol.

### Functions

- Confirm payment
- Reject payment

## Payment Registry

### Description

The Payment Registry is used to store a hashed signed payment proof, generated by the Payment Verification Service. The registry does not store on-chain any personal or financial data.

### Implementation

The protocol has a *Payment registry smart contract* that validates and stores payment proof records.

We envision an alternative implementation scenario without this registry. In this payment verification flow, the signed payment proof is returned to the borrower app, stored in his SSCR and then passed to the marketplace for repayment of the loan.

