# Abstract
Growr is open, fair and sustainable micro-lending protocol on top of bitcoin. Growr enables micro-entrepreneurs to receive **instant productive loans** based on their **self-sovereign credit record**, without the need for over-collateralization.

Growr aims to bridge the financial gap in the productive microfinance using decentralized tools to bring microfinance to its roots and goals. They are using self-sovereign identity to give the identity holders the access and ownership of their credit record, which can then enable access to uncollaterized and undercollaterized loans from traditional and DeFi liquidity. They are using smart contracts on top of Bitcoin to automate the process of funding and to provide end-to-end transparency to the lenders about how their funds are spent. 

Growr team imagines the world in 2040 with 1 billion people — currently considered unbanked or underbanked — having fair and secure access to the financial services they deserve. Bitcoin is a global open network that already provides free access to the hardest money that has ever existed, and the ability to pay and get paid instantly with nearly zero fees, thanks to its second-layer Lightning network. Growr is building on top of that to complete the stack of financial services that every single person deserves, starting from sustainable productive financing and financial health tools with personalized guidance. 

By building Growr, we are addressing significant global challenges such as high price of financial services, gender inequality, lack of trust and bad financial health. Bringing true value to all protocol participants, Growr could be a catalyst for the next wave of exponential adoption of decentralized finance on RSK network. 
